princess acceptance today will tell you
about one interesting poster
which sometimes appears in the rooms
horror attraction sure to put
likes friends if you want to see more
video on this game for the beginning let's
Together we will look at the screenshot from the video
cameras
number two is a room is an office and
closer to everyone here we can see the costume
baths
some by the way think this is a suit
Freddie he certainly looks like and if you lighten up
the picture can be seen in color
this bone is already stolen
if we look at the picture
the final of the game we will see that the dismissal from
ears
and in itself its head is in shape
resembles Freddie 's head therefore
some think it's a freddie costume
but as you can see, this is not the case besides the costume
Bonnie in this room can be seen very
interesting poster which sometimes
appears on the wall instead of posters
slats and depicted on it from the foothills but
he has black eyes and one of them
glows white by looking at this drawing
Immediately there are several questions that
this poster why it appears
instead of Freddie and what's with his eyes
let us all in order to view it
rabbit
is a speedball pattern not like it
was the only yellow rabbit
he appears on the wall and covers himself
drawing freddie but why exactly freddie
I'll tell you a little later but about his eyes
I had an option
that since he is lit grade 1
maybe inside the spring bonny
is someone's soul such a charge
appeared due to the fact that if we
look at the final picture of the game where
lie their pasok in which the soul is
children we see that they have the same
one eye glows with the same
parties
however friends look further because
such a poster with a rabbit is not one but two 10
video camera you can see a poster with
an image of Freddie and he is the same
like in another room but on it also
a poster may appear with the surf not a
the most interesting thing is that it is different from
previous poster
and here as we see it already glows
both voices besides it stands exactly in
the same pose as Freddy on the poster I
you can still clearly see the reflection
poster
on the floor it says that the poster is not
is a hallucination and he is obviously something
so I have a version of that since
a poster with a dressing room appears on top
freddie's poster for this hint of stage 01
Now I will explain how you know in the game fnaf
3 there are six different mini-games and one
of them we play golden freddie
which appears on stage 01 and
title scene 01
speaks for itself just in this mini
the game we see the very scene
which was the very first pizzeria and there
there were two animatronics first screen
fight and 2 golden freddy
Pisa immediately visible connection as there were two
animatronics and two posters are changing
also the poster the surf does not appear on
the poster of the USSR 1 and as you can see on the stage
ahead stands in the foothills and behind it
golden fredy
so these scott posters hint at
that fnaf4 tells the story of that
pizzerias that were spring ponies and
young flat
course of the game the final fnaf 3 says
that all the souls of the children are freed but so
is it really after all in the picture with
not a good ending can be clearly seen five
heads of animatronics who glow
eyes one of the heads izhevsk dark seen
only the glow of course on the nose can
it's easy to determine what is Freddy's head
that's just some freddie purple
or gold
because scott specially put this
head so that it was not visible however
if holly and then in the game we could see
head of all animatronics
bonny check boxing freddie and purple
freddie and here's the head golden freddie
stuck with the exception of phantom of course
but most likely it does not count as
it's just the imagination of the main
hero while purple Freddie
on phantom does not look like and it is possible that
the final we see just the head
purple freddie well judging by the mini game
when baby shower puts on a mask
that is, would it be purple fredy
dalmask was to be darker but that was not the point
and the most basic clue is that
the final mini-game we play soul
child most likely this soul and gold
freddie a violet freesia and on this
hints a few facts first of all
animatronics were in train suits
the purple guy sorted them out thereby
freeing the souls of children
but Golden Freddy has a suit too
so the whole final would have won the golden
Freddie would also be in costume and
the purple guy would have him too
disassemble the second still in the first
story mini-game
purple freddy lures the rest
animatronics
purple guy but have you ever
thought about who he is and why he is
does
perhaps he has long been planning
revenge on the violet guy and he like
once there is such an opportunity therefore
he lures animatronics since
knows that alone
it can not cope as well as the soul of a child
is in purple freddie's costume
the costume is most likely a ghostly
then he can freely enter the secret
rooms he naturally all animatronics
take him for his therefore and
follows him and signal less we
We already play with the child who was in
suit
purple freddy and since this costume
ghostly then he can loose it
shoot so in the final he got his revenge
the purple man has his soul
calmed down like the souls of other children and and
in 3
golden freddie not at all see in the game
except for his phantom a violet
Freddy is therefore most likely just
his head you see in the dark so
the story continues friends perhaps as
once the same newspaper that we see
after 6 nights scott also hints that
fnaf 4 will be about the very first pizzeria
because in the newspaper we see a toy
Freddie
although there were three of them in Stalin's office
have our 4 tell us everything
beginnings and we will learn the story of golden freddy
screen carnage
I hope you liked the release
talk about this video with all your
friends and acquaintances possible in them and eggs
options about this and I have friends
my many more theories on
this game and now be sure to put
likes join my group in contact
be sure to subscribe to my channel and
Wait for the next video I wish you success until
new meetings